# Khe Hy - Wall Street To Creator
<br>

## Key Takeaways <br>

* Think about the ways in which you go about doing things the way you were presenting things.
* If you're thinking about happiness, you have too much time in your hands, just show up, heads down and get to work.
* Have the awareness to pull yourself out. Don't bounce back the walls of self-loathing, happiness, excitement, anger, frustation. Create a much more balanced and calmer state for yourself.
* First step is the willingness to explore.
* The moments when you yell at someone, usually it's something that's not right in you. And their action was just a catalyst to bring that thing out of you that wasn't right.
* The second step is what you do about the self-awareness.
* Lot of issues are because we're so ingrained with the anxiety, insecurity, criticism and we allow ourselves to get triggered by those emotions. Develop a coping mechanism(work) to overcome these emotions. 
* Meditation is the state of being. With the high velocity fragmented way of being we have lost that deeper sense of being with ourselves. Meditation will help you appreciate the moments of your life.
* Find places where you can sit with your own thoughts and there are no distractions.
* The people who meditate regularly they know that they have everything they need.
* Loving yourself is the key to loving others.
* One of the definition of love is the fullness of presence. Are you giving fullness of your presence to those who you love?
* Working on trying to be better is not about tricking your phone and deleting your apps, it's really about why is your self-worth so tight.
* Having six abs and being perceieved as sexy is not the need of six abs. It's just the by-product of what our culture has told us of what is sexy. Where the solution of self comes in you got to seperate yourself from all of those things.
* Question yourself why you do what you do. You may love writing but then why you send that publish button for others to see. 
* If you spend 1 hr for physical fitness, you should sepnd same amount of time for training spiritual mind as well.
* If you weren't to do it for the money, will you still be doing what you're doing how you're doing?
* If you're enjoying things, you do things for the sake of doing things regardless of external validation.
* If it's going to be good, you've to suffer through it.
* Only you know yourself better than anyone. You only get to the point of knowing is if you pay attention to your own thoughts.
* Values are the guiding principles of your morality, actions and spirit.


<br>

[Listen : The Danny Miranda Podcast](https://dannymiranda.com/036-khe-hy/)

