# Dan Go - On Psychedlics, Twitter, Pursuing Your Vision
<br>

## Key Takeaways <br>


* We have one profession one thing we're doing but often wehave to take skills from various areas and apply it.
* Wearing 4 hats in any business - artist hat(creating), operator hat(operating), owner hat(creating vision), board of directors 
* Everybody has so many different experiences and there's no way we can expereience everything that someone has gone through so if we're able to relate to people in situations that you personally have gone through then you're at such a advantage in general in life.
* Understanding your purpose is greater than just yourself and if you help one person it by definition helps thousand of other people
* It's so easy to do things very you are very fucking passionate about it, when there's a reason why you do what you do and reason is not because of money, money is a by-product.
* Gains compound on top of each other, you get to keep the skills, you get to keep messing up mistakes, you get to keep results, you get to keep system.
* You can ask anyone a question. Everyone's a mentor. 
* Life is very fragile and with this belief comes urgency. So time is the only resource that matters.
* Take every single strength, weakness, curses of your life and learn from it. Be introspective.
* Weaknesses are the things that inhibit you from achieving what you want to achieve in life. (Dan's weakness - wanting to be liked) 
* Love is the answer to lot of the things happening in life.
* Visualizing- not only seeing achieving what you want to achieve but also visualizing skills you need to develop in order to make these things happen.
* Eating an elephant - one bite at a time mentality 
* Asking yourself 'why' repeatedly until you actually figure out your 'why'.
* There's nothing that seperates anyone other than a line of thinking.
* With family you should be able to reach the next level of love in your heart which wasn't there .
* The days are really long, and the years very short.
* If you're not constantly seeking out growth, you're asking for stagnation. THere has to be balance between comfort and growth.




<br>

[Listen : The Danny Miranda Podcast](https://dannymiranda.com/009-dan-go//)
