
# Mindset
<br>

## Key Takeaways <br>

* Failure
	* We think that we can either cope with failure or don't cope with failure. I never thought loved failure but that's another side to dealing with failure.
	* Don't get discouraged by failure. Even if you are failing at the core of something, don't percieve it as a failure. Think it as a learning.
	* Embrace failures. <br>

* Cultivating Qualities
	* Human qualities can be cultivated. Your intelligence or personality is something you can develop.
	* The growth mindset is based on the belief that your basic qualities are things you can cultivate through your efforts, strategies and help from others.
	* Why waste time proving over and over how great you are, when you could be getting better? <br>

* Belief
	* The major factor in whether people achieve expertise is not some fixed prior ability, but purposeful engagement.
	* It's not always that the people who start out the smartest who end up the smartest. The view you adopt for yourself profoundly affects the way you lead your life. It can determine whther you become the person you want to be and whether you accomplish things you value.
	* A simple belief have the power to transfor your psychology and, as a result, your life.
	* People with growth mindset believe that a person's true potential is unknown and unknowable; that it's impossible to foresee what can be accomplished with years of passion, toil, and training. <br>

* Resillience
	* Even though you feel distressed, be ready to take the risks, confront the challenges, and keep working at them.
	* Be resillient to convert life's setbacks into future successes.
	* Don't just seek challenge, thrive on it. The bigger the challenge, the more you need to stretch. Stretch and grow.
	* Cope with determination. <br>

* Knowing Your Strengths and Weaknesses
	* With a growth mindest you believe you can develop yourself. Be open to accurate information about your abilities even if it's unflattering.
	* What's more, if you're oriented toward learning, you need accurate information about your current abilities in order to learn effectively. <br>
	
* Defects
	* Don't be afraid to expose your deficiencies. Accept imperfections.
	* Your defects are the things you can work on. <br>
	
* Improving
	* No matter what kind of person you are, you can always change substantially. 
	* Growth mindset makes you concerned with improving. Stretch yourself.
	* Becoming is btter than being.
	* There's something about seeing oneself improve. It's motivating and exciting. <br>

* Losing
	* Derive happiness from process as from the results. Don't mind losing as long as you see improvement or feel you've done as well as you possibly could. If you lose, just go back to the track and work some more. <br>

* Novice
	* Be a novice. Have a mindset that you're here to learn. Feel the tension leave you; feel your mind open up.
	* A changeable ability can be developed through learning. Stretch yourself to learn something new.
	* It's not about immediate perfection. It's about learning something over time. <br>
	
* Assessment
	* Performance can not be based on one sassessment. You can not determine the slope of aline given only one point, as there is no line to begin with. A singlepoint in time does not show trends, improvement, lack of effort or abilities. <br>	

* Effort
	* For no matter what your ability is, effort is what ignites the ability and turns it into accomplishment. <br>

* Difficulties
	* The growth mindset does allow people to love what they're doing and to continue to love it in the face of difficulties. <br>

* The Top
	* Many growth mindset people didn't even plan to go to the top. They got there as a result of doing what they love.
	* Top is where the fixed-mindset people hunger to be, but it's where many growth-minded people arive as a by-product of their enthusiasm for what they do. <br>

* Character
	* Whether it's basketball or everyday life, nothing is promised.
	* If you go for it with all you have- not just in games, but in practice too, you will already be somebody.
	* Taking charge of process is crucial.
	* After every game or practice, if you walk off the field knowing that you gave everything you had, you will always be a winner.
	* Character > Ability. <br>

* Muhammed Ali
	* "That all victories come from here", hitting his forehead with his index finger. Then he raised a pair of fists, saying: "Not from here." <br>

* Michael Jordan
	* Jordan was a person who had struggled and grown, not a person who was inherently better than others.
	* Michael Jordan, he was a human being. He just stretched himself farther than most.
	* When we look at him we see MICHAEL JORDAN. But at that point he was only Michael Jordan.
	* The failure can be a painful experience even in the growth mindest. But it doesn't define you. It's a problem to be faced, dealt with, and learned from.
	* If you make mistake, you got to make it right. You always have a choice. You could sit  in a misery or do something about it.
	* For Jordan, success stems from the mind. The mental toughness and the heart are a lot stronger than some of the physical advantages that you might have.
	* How Michael Jordan's skills didn't seem to decline with age? He did lose some stamina and agility with age, but to compensate, he worked even harder on conditioning and on his moves, like the turnaround jump shot and his celebrated fallaway jumper.
	* "I've missed more than nine thousand shots. I've lost almost three hundred games. Twenty-six times, I've been trusted to take the game-winning shot, and missed." You can be sure that each time, he went back and practiced the shot a hundred times. <br>
	
* John Wooden
	* You aren't a failure until you start to blame.
	* You can still be in a process of learning from your mistakes until you deny them.
	
