# Rob Riker - How To Make Friends
<br>

## Key Takeaways <br>

* More people you talk to more opportunities you open for yourself.
* Rejection is good because it means you're trying something new, you're putting yourself out there to learn new skills.
* Outcome independent mindset - Stop worrying about whether you're succesfful or not in a conversation, don't be worried about turning that other person into a friend.
* The only way to truly live is to get out, put yourself into the uncomfortable situations and just do new things.
* Anything difficult that you want to percieve. You get in there and realize that only thing difficult was starting. Same goes for talking to strangers.
* People need to believe that you love your life. 
* Big thing that prevents you from making change is taking an action.
* Reading about doing pushing won't actually help until you actually do the push-ups.
* Seek radical truth (Inviting actual truth)
* Anxiety is the result of the misalignment between one's actions and one's values.
* Just do things that adds to life experiences- saying yes to all the things. There's no such thing as bad time, there's just good time, good lessons, good stories.
* When you know it's important to you, you can actually make decisions that are by those values. It's important to create those principles and to know them well, so that you can live your life by them.
* Believe -> Taking action -> Willingness to fail

<br>

[Listen : The Danny Miranda Podcast](https://dannymiranda.com/028-rob-riker/)

